Now, let's look into unit tests.
As I had mentioned earlier that our unit test splits up your code into
functional units and ensures that each of
this units does what it's supposed to do in isolation.
So you have your code.
Your piece of code, now,
let's call it unit,
has a certain assertion written on it.
An assertion has a certain condition.
If the condition passes,
it results in assertion passing or a success,
and moves to the next piece of code.
If it fails, then the assertion in general fails and it results in the unit test failure.
This generates a report which is extremely intuitive.
Usually, the failed cases would appear in red,
and the passed cases will appear in green.
There are essentially two types of unit tests that you can write, Junits and TestNg.
Depending on what your project already follows,
I would suggest that you use one of them.
Now, Junits and TestNg are not very different from each other,
which means that if you learn one,
you could totally write it in the other framework,
and they can also be used interchangeably or in combination.
It's just your preference or your project's preference.